GraphQL: Add mutations for adding/removing store credit to a cart (#4960)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/graphql/mutations/apply-store-credit.md

---
group: graphql
title: applyStoreCreditToCart mutation
ee_only: true
---

The `applyStoreCreditToCart` mutation applies store credit to the specified cart.

Store credit is an amount that the merchant applies to a customer account as a result of a refund or similar transaction. A customer can use store credit to pay for purchases.

## Syntax

`mutation: {applyStoreCreditToCart(input: ApplyStoreCreditToCartInput): {ApplyStoreCreditToCartOutput}}`

## Example usage

> In the following example, the customer starts with $100 of store credit. The price of the contents of the cart is less than $100, so the applied store credit causes the grand total to be $0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the customer starts with $100 of store credit. The price of the contents of the cart is less than $100, so the applied store credit causes the remaining cart balance to be $0.
```
